Editorial review: Document AudioPlaybackStats (#43719)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/audiocontext/playbackstats/index.md

---
title: "AudioContext: playbackStats property"
short-title: playbackStats
slug: Web/API/AudioContext/playbackStats
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.AudioContext.playbackStats
---

{{APIRef("Web Audio API")}}

> The **`playbackStats`** read-only property of the {{domxref("AudioContext")}} interface returns an {{domxref("AudioPlaybackStats")}} object providing access to duration, underrun, and latency statistics for the `AudioContext`. These statistics allow you to measure audio delay and glitchiness.

Reviewer: same comment about glitchiness in case you're fixing it to "glitches"

Author: fixed!

> It is possible to retrieve the immediate playout latency of the context via the {{domxref("AudioContext.outputLatency")}} property; `playbackStats` however provides access to more detailed information that updates over time — including average, minimum, and maximum latency, and other information besides.

Reviewer: - I am guessing the trailing "other information besides" was a typo unless you wanted to add something more
```suggestion
It is possible to retrieve the immediate playout latency of the context via the {{domxref("AudioContext.outputLatency")}} property; `playbackStats`, however, provides access to more detailed statistics that update over time, including average, minimum, and maximum latency.
```

## Value

An {{domxref("AudioPlaybackStats")}} object.

## Examples

### Basic usage

```js
const audioCtx = new AudioContext();
const stats = audioCtx.playbackStats;

// ...

> // Log current average latency

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Log average latency
```
